Added section for Decorating Destination (#220)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/connectivity/destinations.md

This will look up the destination in the destination service if the application is running on SAP Cloud Platform. But
also, other sources like the environment variables are considered.

## Decorating Destinations ##

> Depending on the use case, one needs to wrap the accessed destination before making a request to any system. This is to make sure all required destination properties are correctly set before invoking the actual request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the use case, one needs to wrap the accessed destination before issuing a request to a system. This is to make sure all required destination properties are correctly set before invoking the actual request.
```

Reviewer: Just to make it not sound like you need to decorate to make "any request at all"

Author: Good point:)

### HTTP Destinations

> In case of HTTP connections one needs to wrap the retrieved destination as `DefaultHttpDestination` using `asHttp()`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of HTTP connections one needs to wrap the retrieved destination as `HttpDestination` using `asHttp()`:
```

Reviewer: For correctness, it actually doesn't have to be the `DefaultHttpDestination`, but any implementation of the interface `HttpDestination` will do.

Author: ok
